// terrain/splash definitions
splash Water
{
	smallclass		SWWMWaterSplash2
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/watersplash2

	baseclass		SWWMWaterSplash
	chunkclass		none
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/watersplash
}

splash Sludge
{
	smallclass		SWWMSludgeSplash2
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/sludgegloop2

	baseclass		SWWMSludgeSplash
	chunkclass		none
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/sludgegloop
}

splash Lava
{
	smallclass		SWWMLavaSplash2
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/lavasizzle2

	baseclass		SWWMLavaSplash
	chunkclass		none
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
}

splash Sizzle
{
	smallclass		SWWMSizzleSmoke2
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/lavasizzle2

	baseclass		SWWMSizzleSmoke
	chunkclass		none
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
}

splash Blood
{
	smallclass		SWWMBloodSplash2
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/watersplash2

	baseclass		SWWMBloodSplash
	chunkclass		none
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/watersplash
}

splash Slime
{
	smallclass		SWWMSlimeSplash2
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/sludgegloop2

	baseclass		SWWMSlimeSplash
	chunkclass		none
	chunkxvelshift 	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/sludgegloop
}

splash Mud
{
	smallclass		SWWMMudSplash2
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/sludgegloop2

	baseclass		SWWMMudSplash
	chunkclass		none
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/sludgegloop
}

terrain Sizzle
{
	splash Sizzle
}

terrain Blood
{
	splash Blood
	footclip 10
	liquid
}

terrain Slime
{
	splash Slime
	footclip 10
	liquid
}

terrain Mud
{
	splash Mud
	footclip 10
	liquid
}

// lava terrain is not defined for doom in gzdoom.pk3
ifdoom
terrain Lava
{
	splash Lava
	footclip 10
	liquid
}
endif

floor optional fwater1 Water
floor optional fwater2 Water
floor optional fwater3 Water
floor optional fwater4 Water

floor optional lava1 Lava
floor optional lava2 Lava
floor optional lava3 Lava
floor optional lava4 Lava

floor optional blood1 Blood
floor optional blood2 Blood
floor optional blood3 Blood

floor optional nukage1 Slime
floor optional nukage2 Slime
floor optional nukage3 Slime

floor optional slime01 Mud
floor optional slime02 Mud
floor optional slime03 Mud
floor optional slime04 Mud
floor optional slime05 Mud
floor optional slime06 Mud
floor optional slime07 Mud
floor optional slime08 Mud

floor optional rrock01 Sizzle
floor optional rrock02 Sizzle
floor optional rrock05 Sizzle
floor optional rrock06 Sizzle
floor optional rrock07 Sizzle
floor optional rrock08 Sizzle
floor optional slime09 Sizzle
floor optional slime10 Sizzle
floor optional slime11 Sizzle
floor optional slime12 Sizzle

// [MK] terrain defs for Ancient Aliens
floor optional GRAYSLM1 Mud
floor optional GRAYSLM2 Mud
floor optional GRAYSLM3 Mud
floor optional GRAYSLM4 Mud

floor optional RROCK21 Sizzle
floor optional RROCK22 Sizzle
floor optional RROCK23 Sizzle
floor optional RROCK24 Sizzle
floor optional RROCK25 Sizzle
floor optional RROCK26 Sizzle

floor optional PURPW1 Water
floor optional PURPW2 Water
floor optional PURPW3 Water
floor optional PURPW4 Water

floor optional PLOOD1 Blood
floor optional PLOOD2 Blood
floor optional PLOOD3 Blood

floor optional ZO1_01 Lava
floor optional ZO1_02 Lava
floor optional ZO1_03 Lava
floor optional ZO1_99 Lava

floor optional MLAVA1 Lava
floor optional MLAVA2 Lava
floor optional MLAVA3 Lava
floor optional MLAVA4 Lava

// [MK] terrain defs for BTSX
floor optional FWATER02 Water
floor optional FWATER03 Water
floor optional FWATER04 Water
floor optional FWATER05 Water
floor optional FWATER06 Water
floor optional FWATER07 Water
floor optional FWATER08 Water
floor optional FWATER09 Water
floor optional FWATER10 Water
floor optional FWATER11 Water
floor optional FWATER12 Water
floor optional FWATER13 Water
floor optional FWATER14 Water
floor optional FWATER15 Water
floor optional FWATER16 Water
floor optional FWATER17 Water
floor optional FWATER18 Water
floor optional FWATER19 Water
floor optional FWATER20 Water
floor optional FWATER21 Water
floor optional FWATER22 Water
floor optional FWATER23 Water
floor optional FWATER24 Water
floor optional FWATER25 Water
floor optional FWATER26 Water
floor optional FWATER27 Water
floor optional FWATER28 Water
floor optional FWATER29 Water
floor optional FWATER30 Water
floor optional FWATER31 Water

floor optional LAVA02 Lava
floor optional LAVA03 Lava
floor optional LAVA04 Lava
floor optional LAVA05 Lava
floor optional LAVA06 Lava
floor optional LAVA07 Lava
floor optional LAVA08 Lava
floor optional LAVA09 Lava
floor optional LAVA10 Lava
floor optional LAVA11 Lava
floor optional LAVA12 Lava
floor optional LAVA13 Lava
floor optional LAVA14 Lava
floor optional LAVA15 Lava
floor optional LAVA16 Lava
floor optional LAVA17 Lava
floor optional LAVA18 Lava
floor optional LAVA19 Lava
floor optional LAVA20 Lava
floor optional LAVA21 Lava
floor optional LAVA22 Lava
floor optional LAVA23 Lava
floor optional LAVA24 Lava
floor optional LAVA25 Lava
floor optional LAVA26 Lava
floor optional LAVA27 Lava
floor optional LAVA28 Lava
floor optional LAVA29 Lava
floor optional LAVA30 Lava
floor optional LAVA31 Lava

floor optional NUKE02 Slime
floor optional NUKE03 Slime
floor optional NUKE04 Slime
floor optional NUKE05 Slime
floor optional NUKE06 Slime
floor optional NUKE07 Slime
floor optional NUKE08 Slime
floor optional NUKE09 Slime
floor optional NUKE10 Slime
floor optional NUKE11 Slime
floor optional NUKE12 Slime
floor optional NUKE13 Slime
floor optional NUKE14 Slime
floor optional NUKE15 Slime
floor optional NUKE16 Slime
floor optional NUKE17 Slime
floor optional NUKE18 Slime
floor optional NUKE19 Slime
floor optional NUKE20 Slime
floor optional NUKE21 Slime
floor optional NUKE22 Slime
floor optional NUKE23 Slime
floor optional NUKE24 Slime
floor optional NUKE25 Slime
floor optional NUKE26 Slime
floor optional NUKE27 Slime
floor optional NUKE28 Slime
floor optional NUKE29 Slime
floor optional NUKE30 Slime
floor optional NUKE31 Slime

floor optional SLUDG02 Mud
floor optional SLUDG03 Mud
floor optional SLUDG04 Mud
floor optional SLUDG05 Mud
floor optional SLUDG06 Mud
floor optional SLUDG07 Mud
floor optional SLUDG08 Mud
floor optional SLUDG09 Mud
floor optional SLUDG10 Mud
floor optional SLUDG11 Mud
floor optional SLUDG12 Mud
floor optional SLUDG13 Mud
floor optional SLUDG14 Mud
floor optional SLUDG15 Mud
floor optional SLUDG16 Mud
floor optional SLUDG17 Mud
floor optional SLUDG18 Mud
floor optional SLUDG19 Mud
floor optional SLUDG20 Mud
floor optional SLUDG21 Mud
floor optional SLUDG22 Mud
floor optional SLUDG23 Mud
floor optional SLUDG24 Mud
floor optional SLUDG25 Mud
floor optional SLUDG26 Mud
floor optional SLUDG27 Mud
floor optional SLUDG28 Mud
floor optional SLUDG29 Mud
floor optional SLUDG30 Mud
floor optional SLUDG31 Mud

floor optional SWATER1 Water
floor optional COOLNT02 Water
floor optional COOLNT03 Water
floor optional COOLNT04 Water
floor optional COOLNT05 Water
floor optional COOLNT06 Water
floor optional COOLNT07 Water
floor optional COOLNT08 Water
floor optional COOLNT09 Water
floor optional COOLNT10 Water
floor optional COOLNT11 Water
floor optional COOLNT12 Water
floor optional COOLNT13 Water
floor optional COOLNT14 Water
floor optional COOLNT15 Water
floor optional COOLNT16 Water
floor optional COOLNT17 Water
floor optional COOLNT18 Water
floor optional COOLNT19 Water
floor optional COOLNT20 Water
floor optional COOLNT21 Water
floor optional COOLNT22 Water
floor optional COOLNT23 Water
floor optional COOLNT24 Water
floor optional COOLNT25 Water
floor optional COOLNT26 Water
floor optional COOLNT27 Water
floor optional COOLNT28 Water
floor optional COOLNT29 Water
floor optional COOLNT30 Water
floor optional COOLNT31 Water
floor optional SWATER4 Water

floor optional BLOOD02 Blood
floor optional BLOOD03 Blood
floor optional BLOOD04 Blood
floor optional BLOOD05 Blood
floor optional BLOOD06 Blood
floor optional BLOOD07 Blood
floor optional BLOOD08 Blood
floor optional BLOOD09 Blood
floor optional BLOOD10 Blood
floor optional BLOOD11 Blood
floor optional BLOOD12 Blood
floor optional BLOOD13 Blood
floor optional BLOOD14 Blood
floor optional BLOOD15 Blood
floor optional BLOOD16 Blood
floor optional BLOOD17 Blood
floor optional BLOOD18 Blood
floor optional BLOOD19 Blood
floor optional BLOOD20 Blood
floor optional BLOOD21 Blood
floor optional BLOOD22 Blood
floor optional BLOOD23 Blood
floor optional BLOOD24 Blood
floor optional BLOOD25 Blood
floor optional BLOOD26 Blood
floor optional BLOOD27 Blood
floor optional BLOOD28 Blood
floor optional BLOOD29 Blood
floor optional BLOOD30 Blood
floor optional BLOOD31 Blood

// [MK] terrain defs for Eviternity and other OTEX-using maps
floor optional OBLODA01 Blood
floor optional OBLODA02 Blood
floor optional OBLODA03 Blood
floor optional OBLODA04 Blood
floor optional OBLODA05 Blood
floor optional OBLODA06 Blood
floor optional OBLODA07 Blood
floor optional OBLODA08 Blood

// hotfix for Bastion of Chaos (damn you bridgeburner)
floor optional 0BLODA01 Blood
floor optional 0BLODA02 Blood
floor optional 0BLODA03 Blood
floor optional 0BLODA04 Blood
floor optional 0BLODA05 Blood
floor optional 0BLODA06 Blood
floor optional 0BLODA07 Blood
floor optional 0BLODA08 Blood

floor optional OGOOPY01 Water
floor optional OGOOPY02 Water
floor optional OGOOPY03 Water
floor optional OGOOPY04 Water
floor optional OGOOPY05 Water
floor optional OGOOPY06 Water
floor optional OGOOPY07 Water
floor optional OGOOPY08 Water

floor optional OICYWA01 Water
floor optional OICYWA02 Water
floor optional OICYWA03 Water
floor optional OICYWA04 Water
floor optional OICYWA05 Water
floor optional OICYWA06 Water
floor optional OICYWA07 Water
floor optional OICYWA08 Water

floor optional OLAVAA01 Sizzle
floor optional OLAVAA02 Sizzle
floor optional OLAVAB01 Sizzle
floor optional OLAVAC01 Lava
floor optional OLAVAC02 Lava
floor optional OLAVAC03 Lava
floor optional OLAVAC04 Lava
floor optional OLAVAC05 Lava
floor optional OLAVAC06 Lava
floor optional OLAVAC07 Lava
floor optional OLAVAC08 Lava
floor optional OLAVAD01 Lava
floor optional OLAVAD02 Lava
floor optional OLAVAD03 Lava
floor optional OLAVAD04 Lava
floor optional OLAVAD05 Lava
floor optional OLAVAD06 Lava
floor optional OLAVAD07 Lava
floor optional OLAVAD08 Lava
floor optional OLAVAE01 Lava
floor optional OLAVAE02 Lava
floor optional OLAVAE03 Lava
floor optional OLAVAE04 Lava
floor optional OLAVAE05 Lava
floor optional OLAVAE06 Lava
floor optional OLAVAE07 Lava
floor optional OLAVAE08 Lava
floor optional OLAVAF01 Lava
floor optional OLAVAF02 Lava
floor optional OLAVAF03 Lava
floor optional OLAVAF04 Lava
floor optional OLAVAF05 Lava
floor optional OLAVAF06 Lava
floor optional OLAVAF07 Lava
floor optional OLAVAF08 Lava
floor optional OLAVAF09 Lava
floor optional OLAVAF10 Lava

floor optional ONUKEA01 Slime
floor optional ONUKEA02 Slime
floor optional ONUKEA03 Slime
floor optional ONUKEA04 Slime
floor optional ONUKEA05 Slime
floor optional ONUKEA06 Slime
floor optional ONUKEA07 Slime
floor optional ONUKEA08 Slime

floor optional OPOOPY01 Mud
floor optional OPOOPY02 Mud
floor optional OPOOPY03 Mud
floor optional OPOOPY04 Mud
floor optional OPOOPY05 Mud
floor optional OPOOPY06 Mud
floor optional OPOOPY07 Mud
floor optional OPOOPY08 Mud

floor optional OSLUDG01 Mud
floor optional OSLUDG02 Mud
floor optional OSLUDG03 Mud
floor optional OSLUDG04 Mud
floor optional OSLUDG05 Mud
floor optional OSLUDG06 Mud
floor optional OSLUDG07 Mud
floor optional OSLUDG08 Mud

floor optional OTAR__01 Mud
floor optional OTAR__02 Mud
floor optional OTAR__03 Mud
floor optional OTAR__04 Mud
floor optional OTAR__05 Mud
floor optional OTAR__06 Mud
floor optional OTAR__07 Mud
floor optional OTAR__08 Mud

floor optional OWATER01 Water
floor optional OWATER02 Water
floor optional OWATER03 Water
floor optional OWATER04 Water
floor optional OWATER05 Water
floor optional OWATER06 Water
floor optional OWATER07 Water
floor optional OWATER08 Water

// [MK] terrain defs for Refracted Reality
floor optional BLDNUKE1 Blood
floor optional BLDNUKE2 Blood
floor optional BLDNUKE3 Blood
floor optional BLDNUKE4 Blood

floor optional BLOOD2A Blood
floor optional BLOOD2B Blood
floor optional BLOOD4 Blood
floor optional BLOOD5 Blood
floor optional BLOOD6 Blood

floor optional CYWATR1 Water
floor optional CYWATR2 Water
floor optional CYWATR3 Water
floor optional CYWATR4 Water

floor optional EGSLIME1 Mud
floor optional EGSLIME2 Mud
floor optional EGSLIME3 Mud
floor optional EGSLIME4 Mud

floor optional EQSLIME1 Mud
floor optional EQSLIME2 Mud
floor optional EQSLIME3 Mud
floor optional EQSLIME4 Mud

floor optional FWATER5 Water
floor optional FWATER6 Water
floor optional FWATER7 Water
floor optional FWATER8 Water

floor optional GOLDSLM1 Lava
floor optional GOLDSLM2 Lava
floor optional GOLDSLM3 Lava

floor optional NUKAGE2A Slime
floor optional NUKAGE2B Slime

floor optional PURPCRACK Sizzle

floor optional RACRAK01 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK02 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK03 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK04 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK05 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK06 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK07 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK08 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK09 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK10 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK11 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK12 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK13 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK14 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK15 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK16 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK17 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK18 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK19 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK20 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK21 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK22 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK23 Sizzle
floor optional RACRAK24 Sizzle

floor optional SEWAGE1 Slime
floor optional SEWAGE2 Slime
floor optional SEWAGE3 Slime

floor optional SLIMAGE1 Mud
floor optional SLIMAGE2 Mud
floor optional SLIMAGE3 Mud
floor optional SLIMAGE4 Mud

floor optional ZFBCROK1 Sizzle
floor optional ZFBCROK2 Sizzle
floor optional ZFBCROK3 Sizzle
floor optional ZFBCROK4 Sizzle

floor optional ZFBLAVA1 Lava
floor optional ZFBLAVA2 Lava
floor optional ZFBLAVA3 Lava
floor optional ZFBLAVA4 Lava

floor optional ZFBWATR1 Water
floor optional ZFBWATR2 Water
floor optional ZFBWATR3 Water
floor optional ZFBWATR4 Water

floor optional ZFGCROK1 Sizzle
floor optional ZFGCROK2 Sizzle
floor optional ZFGCROK3 Sizzle
floor optional ZFGCROK4 Sizzle

floor optional ZFGLAVA1 Lava
floor optional ZFGLAVA2 Lava
floor optional ZFGLAVA3 Lava
floor optional ZFGLAVA4 Lava

floor optional ZFGWATR1 Water
floor optional ZFGWATR2 Water
floor optional ZFGWATR3 Water
floor optional ZFGWATR4 Water

floor optional ZFILAVA1 Lava
floor optional ZFILAVA2 Lava
floor optional ZFILAVA3 Lava
floor optional ZFILAVA4 Lava

floor optional ZFIWATR1 Water
floor optional ZFIWATR2 Water
floor optional ZFIWATR3 Water
floor optional ZFIWATR4 Water

floor optional ZFKLAVA1 Lava
floor optional ZFKLAVA2 Lava
floor optional ZFKLAVA3 Lava
floor optional ZFKLAVA4 Lava

floor optional ZFKWATR1 Water
floor optional ZFKWATR2 Water
floor optional ZFKWATR3 Water
floor optional ZFKWATR4 Water

floor optional ZFPWATR1 Water
floor optional ZFPWATR2 Water
floor optional ZFPWATR3 Water
floor optional ZFPWATR4 Water

floor optional ZFRLAVA1 Lava
floor optional ZFRLAVA2 Lava
floor optional ZFRLAVA3 Lava
floor optional ZFRLAVA4 Lava

floor optional ZFWCROK1 Sizzle
floor optional ZFWCROK2 Sizzle
floor optional ZFWCROK3 Sizzle
floor optional ZFWCROK4 Sizzle

floor optional ZFWWATR1 Water
floor optional ZFWWATR2 Water
floor optional ZFWWATR3 Water
floor optional ZFWWATR4 Water

floor optional ZFYCROK1 Sizzle
floor optional ZFYCROK2 Sizzle
floor optional ZFYCROK3 Sizzle
floor optional ZFYCROK4 Sizzle

floor optional ZFYWATR1 Water
floor optional ZFYWATR2 Water
floor optional ZFYWATR3 Water
floor optional ZFYWATR4 Water

floor optional ZFOCROK1 Sizzle
floor optional ZFOCROK2 Sizzle
floor optional ZFOCROK3 Sizzle
floor optional ZFOCROK4 Sizzle

floor optional ZFOWATR1 Water
floor optional ZFOWATR2 Water
floor optional ZFOWATR3 Water
floor optional ZFOWATR4 Water

floor optional ZFLCROK1 Sizzle
floor optional ZFLCROK2 Sizzle
floor optional ZFLCROK3 Sizzle
floor optional ZFLCROK4 Sizzle

floor optional ZFLWATR1 Water
floor optional ZFLWATR2 Water
floor optional ZFLWATR3 Water
floor optional ZFLWATR4 Water

// [MK] Equinox slime
floor optional EQNXSL01 Mud
floor optional EQNXSL02 Mud
floor optional EQNXSL03 Mud
floor optional EQNXSL04 Mud
